docs: Add IP fragmentation tracking section (#12162)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/concepts/networking/fragmentation.rst

.. only:: not (epub or latex or html)

    WARNING: You are looking at unreleased Cilium documentation.
    Please use the official rendered version released here:
    https://docs.cilium.io

.. _concepts_fragmentation:

> IP fragment handling (beta)
> ===========================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IPv4 fragment handling (beta)
=============================
```

It's IPv4 only (IPv6 handles this differently), so it would be worth mentioning `IPv4` at least once, be it in the title or elsewhere, I think.

By default, Cilium configures the eBPF datapath to perform IP fragment tracking

> to allow protocols that do not support segmentation (such as UDP) to

Reviewer 2: maybe
```suggestion
to allow protocols that do not support fragmentation (such as UDP) to
```

Author: This one was deliberate, although they're synonyms I've tended to see `segmentation` used to talk about breaking up messages into datagrams at layer 4 while people seem to use `fragmentation` to refer to layer 3 message partitioning. (Reviewers, I'd be interested to hear if you disagree)

transparently transmit large messages over the network. IP fragment tracking

> is implemented in the kernel using an LRU (*Least Recently Used*) map which

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
is implemented with eBPF using an LRU (*Least Recently Used*) map which
```

Or something like this? Just to make it clear that we don't leave it to the Linux stack?

requires Linux 4.10 or later. This feature may be configured using the
following options:

- ``--enable-ipv4-fragments-tracking``: Enable or disable IP fragment tracking.
- ``--bpf-fragments-map-max``: Control the maximum number of active concurrent

>   connections using IP fragmentation.

Reviewer: Should we mention the default values?
